[MTA 8.0.0] New Installing MTA UI and CLI title (#173)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/mta-install/proc_installing-mta-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="installing-mta-operator_{context}"]
= Installing the {ProductShortName} Operator

To create {ProductFullName} instances, you must first install the {ProductShortName} Operator. The {ProductShortName} Operator is a structural layer that manages resources deployed on OpenShift, such as database, front end, and back end, to automatically create an {ProductShortName} instance. 	

.Prerequisites

* 4 vCPUs, 8 GB RAM, and 40 GB persistent storage. 
* Any cloud services or self-hosted edition of Red Hat OpenShift on versions 4.13-4.15.
* 2 RWO persistent volumes (PVs) used by different components. For more information, see xref:[Persistent volume requirements].
* You are logged in as a user with `cluster-admin` permissions. 	

.Procedure

. In the Red Hat OpenShift web console, click *Operators* and then click *OperatorHub*.	
. Type _{ProductShortName}_ in the *Filter by keyword* field to search for the {ProductShortName} Operator. 					
. Click the {ProductName} Operator and then click *Install*. 		
. On the *Install Operator* page, click *Install*. 	
. Optional: Review and edit the custom resource (CR) settings.
+

> A window for creating CR settings pops up automatically after the installation of MTA Operator is complete. The default settings are acceptable. However, make sure to check the system requirements for storage, memory, and cores.

Author: ```suggestion
A window for creating CR settings opens automatically after the installation of MTA Operator is complete. The default settings are acceptable. However, make sure to check the system requirements for storage, memory, and cores.
```
